README.md, before:

# Snazzy Info Window

[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/snazzy-info-window.svg?label=yarn)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/snazzy-info-window) [![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/snazzy-info-window.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/snazzy-info-window) [![Bower](https://img.shields.io/bower/v/snazzy-info-window.svg)](https://github.com/atmist/snazzy-info-window) [![Dependencies](https://david-dm.org/atmist/snazzy-info-window.svg)](https://david-dm.org/atmist/snazzy-info-window) [![devDependencies](https://david-dm.org/atmist/snazzy-info-window/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/atmist/snazzy-info-window#info=devDependencies)

Snazzy Info Window is a library for customizable popup windows in the Google Maps JavaScript API.

## Demos

- [Simple Example](https://codepen.io/snazzymaps/pen/dpAbGN/)
- [Advanced Example](https://codepen.io/snazzymaps/pen/vXPBKJ)

## Installation

You can install Snazzy Info Window from the following package managers:

```sh
yarn add snazzy-info-window
```

```sh
npm install --save snazzy-info-window
```

```sh
bower install --save snazzy-info-window
```

## Quick Start
1. Include all the required files.

  ```html
  <script src="https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/js?key={{YOUR KEY HERE}}"></script>
  <script src="snazzy-info-window.js"></script>
  <script src="snazzy-info-window.css"></script>
  ```

1. Create a new `SnazzyInfoWindow` and open it.
  ```js
  var infoWindow = new SnazzyInfoWindow({
      marker: marker,
      content: 'Snazzy!'
  });
  infoWindow.open();
  ```

## Features

- **Custom position**
  - Position the info window to the top, bottom, right, or left of the marker.
- **Custom styling**
  - Customize the border radius, shadow, background color, border, and much more.

## Public Methods

#### open()

Will attempt to open the info window.

#### close()

Will attempt to close the info window.

#### destroy()

Will destroy the info window. If the info window is open it will be forced
closed bypassing the regular `beforeClose` callback. All google map event
listeners associated to this info window will be removed.

#### setContent(content)

Set the content in the info window. This can be called at any time.

## Options

#### content

The text or HTML to insert into the info window body.

- Type: _string_

#### position

Choose where you want the info window to be displayed, relative to the marker.

- Type: _string_
- Default: `'top'`
- Possible Values: `'top'`, `'bottom'`, `'left'`, `'right'`

#### wrapperClass

An optional CSS class to assign to the wrapper container of the info window. Can be
used for applying custom CSS to the info window.

- Type: _string_

#### maxWidth

The max width in pixels of the info window.

- Type: _numeric_
- Example: `200`

#### maxHeight

The max height in pixels of the info window.

- Type: _numeric_
- Example: `200`

#### offset

The offset from the marker. This value should be different for each `position`.
By default the offset is configured for the default google maps marker.

- Type: _object_
- Example:

  ```js
  offset: {
    top: '10px',
    left: '20px'
  }
  ```

#### edgeOffset

The offset from the map edge in pixels which is used when panning an info window
into view.

- Type: _object_
- Example:

  ```js
  edgeOffset: {
    top: 20,
    right: 20,
    bottom: 20,
    left: 20
  }
  ```

#### backgroundColor

The color to use for the background of the info window.

- Type: _string_
- Possible Values: Any valid CSS color value.
- Examples: `'#FF0000'`, `'blue'`

#### padding

A custom padding size around the content of the info window.

- Type: _string_
- Possible Values: Any valid CSS size value.
- Examples: `'10px'`, `'2em'`, `'5%'`

#### borderRadius

A custom CSS border radius property to specify the rounded corners of the info window.

- Type: _string_
- Example: `'2px 20px'`

#### fontColor

The font color to use for the content inside the body of the info window.

- Type: _string_
- Possible Values: Any valid CSS color value.
- Examples: `'#FF0000'`, `'blue'`

#### fontSize

The font size to use for the content inside the body of the info window.

- Type: _string_
- Possible Values: Any valid CSS font size value.

#### border

A custom border around the info window.

- Type: _object_
- Example:

  ```js
  border: {
    width: '10px',
    color: '#FF0000'
  }
  ```

#### pointer

The height of the pointer from the info window to the marker.

- Type: _string_
- Possible Values: Any valid CSS size value.
- Example: `'10px'`

#### shadow

The CSS properties for the shadow of the info window.

- Type: _object_
- Default:

  ```js
  shadow: {
      h: '0px',
      v: '3px',
      blur: '6px',
      spread: '0px',
      opacity: 0.5,
      color: '#000'
  }
  ```

#### openOnMarkerClick

Determines if the info window will open when the marker is clicked. An internal
listener is added to the google maps `click` event which calls the `open()`
method.

- Type: _boolean_
- Default: `true`

#### closeOnMapClick

Determines if the info window will close when the map is clicked. An internal
listener is added to the google maps `click` event which calls the `close()`
method. This will not activate on the google maps `drag` event when the user is
panning the map.

- Type: _boolean_
- Default: `true`

#### showCloseButton

Determines if the info window will show a close button.

- Type: _boolean_
- Default: `true`

#### closeButtonMarkup

The text or HTML to replace the default close button. No click handler or
positioning is added to your markup if you use this option.

- Type: _string_

#### panOnOpen

Determines if the info window will be panned into view when opened.

- Type: _boolean_
- Default: `true`

### callbacks

All callbacks are optional and can access the info window instance via `this`.

- Type: _object_
- Example:

    ```js
    callbacks: {
        beforeOpen: function(){},
        open: function(){},
        afterOpen: function(){},
        beforeClose: function(){},
        close: function(){},
        afterClose: function(){}
    }
    ```

#### beforeOpen

Called before the info window attempts to open. Return `false`
to cancel the open.

- Type: _function_
- Example:

  ```js
  function() {
      console.log('Cancel opening the info window.');
      return false;
  }
  ```

#### open

Called when the info window is opening. This occurs at the end of the
OverlayView `onAdd()` implementation. At this point the info window is added
to the DOM but is not drawn yet.

- Type: _function_
- Example:

  ```js
  function() {
      console.log('Info window has started opening.');
  }
  ```

#### afterOpen

Called when the info window has opened. This occurs at the end of the
OverlayView `draw()` implementation. At this point the info window is added
to the DOM and should be visible.

- Type: _function_
- Example:

  ```js
  function() {
      console.log('Info window has opened.');
  }
  ```

#### beforeClose

Called before the info window attempts to close. Return `false`
to cancel the close.

- Type: _function_
- Example:

  ```js
  function() {
      console.log('Cancel closing the info window.');
      return false;
  }
  ```

#### close

Called when the info window is closing. This occurs at the beginning of the
OverlayView `onRemove()` implementation. At this point the info window is still
in the DOM.

- Type: _function_
- Example:

  ```js
  function() {
      console.log('Info window has started closing.');
  }
  ```

#### afterClose

Called after the info window has closed. This occurs at the end of the
OverlayView `onRemove()` implementation. At this point the info window should
be removed from the DOM.

- Type: _function_
- Example:

  ```js
  function() {
      console.log('Info window has closed.');
  }
  ```

## HTML Structure

```html
<div class="si-float-wrapper">
    <div class="si-wrapper-top">
        <div class="si-shadow-wrapper-top">
            <div class="si-shadow-frame"></div>
            <div class="si-shadow-pointer-top">
                <div class="si-shadow-inner-pointer-top"></div>
            </div>
        </div>
        <div class="si-content-wrapper">
            <button class="si-close-button"></div>
            <div class="si-content">
                <!-- Your content goes here -->
            </div>
        </div>
        <div class="si-pointer-border-top"></div>
        <div class="si-pointer-bg-top"></div>
    </div>
</div>
```

#### si-float-wrapper

Used to absolute position the info window in the google maps floatPane.

#### si-wrapper-`position`

Used to css translate the info window into `position`. The `wrapperClass`
is added to this element.

#### si-shadow-wrapper-`position`

Used to blend opacity for all shadow elements.

#### si-shadow-frame

Used to create the box shadow for the content wrapper.

#### si-shadow-pointer-`position`

Used to `position` the pointer shadow.

#### si-shadow-inner-pointer-`position`

Used to create the shadow for the pointer.

#### si-content-wrapper

Used for adding padding and border around the content.

#### si-close-button

Used for showing the default close button in the top right hand corner.

#### si-content

Used for wrapping your content and showing a scroll bar when there is overflow.

#### si-pointer-border-`position`

Used for rendering the tip of the pointer when there is a border present.

#### si-pointer-bg-`position`

Used for rendering the inner tip of the pointer when there is a border present.


## Building Source

After you git clone this repository you will need to install the
development dependencies.

```sh
npm install
```

Run the following command to get documentation on the gulp tasks that are used
during development.

```sh
gulp help
```

Commit message:

Added the contributing section to the readme.

README.md, after:

# Snazzy Info Window

[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/snazzy-info-window.svg?label=yarn)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/snazzy-info-window) [![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/snazzy-info-window.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/snazzy-info-window) [![Bower](https://img.shields.io/bower/v/snazzy-info-window.svg)](https://github.com/atmist/snazzy-info-window) [![Dependencies](https://david-dm.org/atmist/snazzy-info-window.svg)](https://david-dm.org/atmist/snazzy-info-window) [![devDependencies](https://david-dm.org/atmist/snazzy-info-window/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/atmist/snazzy-info-window#info=devDependencies)

Snazzy Info Window is a library for customizable popup windows in the Google Maps JavaScript API.

## Demos

- [Simple Example](https://codepen.io/snazzymaps/pen/dpAbGN/)
- [Advanced Example](https://codepen.io/snazzymaps/pen/vXPBKJ)

## Installation

You can install Snazzy Info Window from the following package managers:

```sh
yarn add snazzy-info-window
```

```sh
npm install --save snazzy-info-window
```

```sh
bower install --save snazzy-info-window
```

## Quick Start
1. Include all the required files.

  ```html
  <script src="https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/js?key={{YOUR KEY HERE}}"></script>
  <script src="snazzy-info-window.js"></script>
  <script src="snazzy-info-window.css"></script>
  ```

1. Create a new `SnazzyInfoWindow` and open it.
  ```js
  var infoWindow = new SnazzyInfoWindow({
      marker: marker,
      content: 'Snazzy!'
  });
  infoWindow.open();
  ```

## Features

- **Custom position**
  - Position the info window to the top, bottom, right, or left of the marker.
- **Custom styling**
  - Customize the border radius, shadow, background color, border, and much more.

## Public Methods

#### open()

Will attempt to open the info window.

#### close()

Will attempt to close the info window.

#### destroy()

Will destroy the info window. If the info window is open it will be forced
closed bypassing the regular `beforeClose` callback. All google map event
listeners associated to this info window will be removed.

#### setContent(content)

Set the content in the info window. This can be called at any time.

## Options

#### content

The text or HTML to insert into the info window body.

- Type: _string_

#### position

Choose where you want the info window to be displayed, relative to the marker.

- Type: _string_
- Default: `'top'`
- Possible Values: `'top'`, `'bottom'`, `'left'`, `'right'`

#### wrapperClass

An optional CSS class to assign to the wrapper container of the info window. Can be
used for applying custom CSS to the info window.

- Type: _string_

#### maxWidth

The max width in pixels of the info window.

- Type: _numeric_
- Example: `200`

#### maxHeight

The max height in pixels of the info window.

- Type: _numeric_
- Example: `200`

#### offset

The offset from the marker. This value should be different for each `position`.
By default the offset is configured for the default google maps marker.

- Type: _object_
- Example:

  ```js
  offset: {
    top: '10px',
    left: '20px'
  }
  ```

#### edgeOffset

The offset from the map edge in pixels which is used when panning an info window
into view.

- Type: _object_
- Example:

  ```js
  edgeOffset: {
    top: 20,
    right: 20,
    bottom: 20,
    left: 20
  }
  ```

#### backgroundColor

The color to use for the background of the info window.

- Type: _string_
- Possible Values: Any valid CSS color value.
- Examples: `'#FF0000'`, `'blue'`

#### padding

A custom padding size around the content of the info window.

- Type: _string_
- Possible Values: Any valid CSS size value.
- Examples: `'10px'`, `'2em'`, `'5%'`

#### borderRadius

A custom CSS border radius property to specify the rounded corners of the info window.

- Type: _string_
- Example: `'2px 20px'`

#### fontColor

The font color to use for the content inside the body of the info window.

- Type: _string_
- Possible Values: Any valid CSS color value.
- Examples: `'#FF0000'`, `'blue'`

#### fontSize

The font size to use for the content inside the body of the info window.

- Type: _string_
- Possible Values: Any valid CSS font size value.

#### border

A custom border around the info window.

- Type: _object_
- Example:

  ```js
  border: {
    width: '10px',
    color: '#FF0000'
  }
  ```

#### pointer

The height of the pointer from the info window to the marker.

- Type: _string_
- Possible Values: Any valid CSS size value.
- Example: `'10px'`

#### shadow

The CSS properties for the shadow of the info window.

- Type: _object_
- Default:

  ```js
  shadow: {
      h: '0px',
      v: '3px',
      blur: '6px',
      spread: '0px',
      opacity: 0.5,
      color: '#000'
  }
  ```

#### openOnMarkerClick

Determines if the info window will open when the marker is clicked. An internal
listener is added to the google maps `click` event which calls the `open()`
method.

- Type: _boolean_
- Default: `true`

#### closeOnMapClick

Determines if the info window will close when the map is clicked. An internal
listener is added to the google maps `click` event which calls the `close()`
method. This will not activate on the google maps `drag` event when the user is
panning the map.

- Type: _boolean_
- Default: `true`

#### showCloseButton

Determines if the info window will show a close button.

- Type: _boolean_
- Default: `true`

#### closeButtonMarkup

The text or HTML to replace the default close button. No click handler or
positioning is added to your markup if you use this option.

- Type: _string_

#### panOnOpen

Determines if the info window will be panned into view when opened.

- Type: _boolean_
- Default: `true`

### callbacks

All callbacks are optional and can access the info window instance via `this`.

- Type: _object_
- Example:

    ```js
    callbacks: {
        beforeOpen: function(){},
        open: function(){},
        afterOpen: function(){},
        beforeClose: function(){},
        close: function(){},
        afterClose: function(){}
    }
    ```

#### beforeOpen

Called before the info window attempts to open. Return `false`
to cancel the open.

- Type: _function_
- Example:

  ```js
  function() {
      console.log('Cancel opening the info window.');
      return false;
  }
  ```

#### open

Called when the info window is opening. This occurs at the end of the
OverlayView `onAdd()` implementation. At this point the info window is added
to the DOM but is not drawn yet.

- Type: _function_
- Example:

  ```js
  function() {
      console.log('Info window has started opening.');
  }
  ```

#### afterOpen

Called when the info window has opened. This occurs at the end of the
OverlayView `draw()` implementation. At this point the info window is added
to the DOM and should be visible.

- Type: _function_
- Example:

  ```js
  function() {
      console.log('Info window has opened.');
  }
  ```

#### beforeClose

Called before the info window attempts to close. Return `false`
to cancel the close.

- Type: _function_
- Example:

  ```js
  function() {
      console.log('Cancel closing the info window.');
      return false;
  }
  ```

#### close

Called when the info window is closing. This occurs at the beginning of the
OverlayView `onRemove()` implementation. At this point the info window is still
in the DOM.

- Type: _function_
- Example:

  ```js
  function() {
      console.log('Info window has started closing.');
  }
  ```

#### afterClose

Called after the info window has closed. This occurs at the end of the
OverlayView `onRemove()` implementation. At this point the info window should
be removed from the DOM.

- Type: _function_
- Example:

  ```js
  function() {
      console.log('Info window has closed.');
  }
  ```

## HTML Structure

```html
<div class="si-float-wrapper">
    <div class="si-wrapper-top">
        <div class="si-shadow-wrapper-top">
            <div class="si-shadow-frame"></div>
            <div class="si-shadow-pointer-top">
                <div class="si-shadow-inner-pointer-top"></div>
            </div>
        </div>
        <div class="si-content-wrapper">
            <button class="si-close-button"></div>
            <div class="si-content">
                <!-- Your content goes here -->
            </div>
        </div>
        <div class="si-pointer-border-top"></div>
        <div class="si-pointer-bg-top"></div>
    </div>
</div>
```

#### si-float-wrapper

Used to absolute position the info window in the google maps floatPane.

#### si-wrapper-`position`

Used to css translate the info window into `position`. The `wrapperClass`
is added to this element.

#### si-shadow-wrapper-`position`

Used to blend opacity for all shadow elements.

#### si-shadow-frame

Used to create the box shadow for the content wrapper.

#### si-shadow-pointer-`position`

Used to `position` the pointer shadow.

#### si-shadow-inner-pointer-`position`

Used to create the shadow for the pointer.

#### si-content-wrapper

Used for adding padding and border around the content.

#### si-close-button

Used for showing the default close button in the top right hand corner.

#### si-content

Used for wrapping your content and showing a scroll bar when there is overflow.

#### si-pointer-border-`position`

Used for rendering the tip of the pointer when there is a border present.

#### si-pointer-bg-`position`

Used for rendering the inner tip of the pointer when there is a border present.


## Contributing

If you find a bug with the library, please open an issue. If you would like fix
an issue or contribute a feature, follow the steps outlined
[here](https://github.com/atmist/snazzy-info-window/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).
